company_name,title,article,source
google,Global shares gain as trillion-dollar Tesla brightens tech sector and commodities cool off,"US politicians often place major bets on Wall Street.
Angela Weiss/Getty Images
Global shares climbed on Tuesday, propelled by strong earnings, particularly across the technology sector, where shar… [+3560 chars]",Business Insider
google,Google Parent Plans to Use AI Prowess to Invent Medicines,"Alphabet Inc. said it has created a new company, called Isomorphic Labs, to use artificial intelligence for drug discovery. 
The new division was spun out of DeepMind, the London research lab of Goo… [+1100 chars]",Bloomberg
google,Google Strikes Deal With CME as Exchange Moves to Cloud,"CME Group and 
Alphabet Inc.s Google struck a deal for a 10-year partnership to help the derivatives exchange operator with its technology needs and a plan to move all of its operations to the cloud… [+729 chars]",Bloomberg
google,evolve Federal Credit Union: Texas institution with a high-yield checking account,"Personal Finance Insider writes about products, strategies, and tips to help you make smart decisions with your money. We may receive a small commission from our partners, like American Express, but … [+5448 chars]",Business Insider
google,VAPR Federal Credit Union review: Hispanic American-led institution in Puerto Rico,"The bottom line:VAPR Federal Credit Union is a worthwhile option if you want to bank with a Hispanic American-led credit union in Puerto Rico. You may like VAPR if you worry about overdrawing, becaus… [+3892 chars]",Business Insider
google,River City Federal Credit Union review: Texas institution with free checking and savings accounts,"Personal Finance Insider writes about products, strategies, and tips to help you make smart decisions with your money. We may receive a small commission from our partners, like American Express, but … [+5662 chars]",Business Insider
google,"New screen technology is transforming home media, smart devices, and e-Paper. Here's what you need to know.","As screens of various forms smartphones, televisions, tablets, laptops, e-readers, and more become an increasingly common part of modern life, the technology behind them is helping transform how peop… [+5267 chars]",Business Insider
google,Camino Federal Credit Union review: California financial institution with a free savings account,"Personal Finance Insider writes about products, strategies, and tips to help you make smart decisions with your money. We may receive a small commission from our partners, like American Express, but … [+4855 chars]",Business Insider
google,"First Internet Bank of Indiana review: High CD interest rates, free checking and savings accounts","Personal Finance Insider writes about products, strategies, and tips to help you make smart decisions with your money. We may receive a small commission from our partners, like American Express, but … [+4137 chars]",Business Insider
google,First National Bank of America review: Michigan bank with high interest rates on CDs,"Personal Finance Insider writes about products, strategies, and tips to help you make smart decisions with your money. We may receive a small commission from our partners, like American Express, but … [+4702 chars]",Business Insider
google,Southwest Heritage Credit Union review: Hispanic American-led credit union with no monthly fees,"The bottom line:Southwest Heritage Credit Union is a good option if you live in Odessa or Wink, TX, and want to bank with a Hispanic American-led institution. You may like Southwest Heritage if you w… [+4175 chars]",Business Insider
google,IDB Global Federal Credit Union review: Hispanic American-led institution with no monthly service fees,The bottom line:IDB Global Federal Credit Union could be a good fit if you are an IDB or IDB Invest employee and want to use a Hispanic American-led credit union. You might like it if you're looking … [+4829 chars],Business Insider
google,10 things in tech you need to know,"Hello, world. We've got news about a new way to Twitter, as well as Tim Cook's comments about crypto.
Let's get to it.
If this was forwarded to you, sign up here. Download Insider's app click here … [+3826 chars]",Business Insider
google,3 ways to make your holiday shopping easier and more secure this season,When it comes to holiday shopping there are two types of people. Shopper A started buying gifts for loved ones as early as July maybe even sooner because they're not one to miss out on a good bargain… [+4104 chars],Business Insider
google,Golden 1 Credit Union review: California institution with zero monthly fees,"The bottom line: Golden 1 Credit Union is featured in our best banks and credit unions in California guide. If you're a California resident, you'll find Golden 1 appealing if you'd prefer to bank wit… [+3699 chars]",Business Insider
google,Connexus Credit Union review: Fee-free high-yield checking account with no minimum opening deposit,"The bottom line:Connexus Credit Union appears in our best credit unions guide. It's an excellent choice if you'd like to bank with an online credit union, and it pays competitive interest rates on it… [+4163 chars]",Business Insider
google,Naft Federal Credit Union review: Hispanic American-led institution with solid short-term share certificates,The bottom line: Naft Federal Credit Union is a worthwhile option if you live in South Texas and want to explore local banking with a Hispanic American-led institution. Its share certificates are the… [+4477 chars],Business Insider
google,Delta Community Credit Union review: Atlanta institution with free checking and savings accounts,"The bottom line:Delta Community Credit Union is a good option if you live in Metro Atlanta. You might like it if you want free checking and savings accounts, high interest rates on CDs, or the abilit… [+4899 chars]",Business Insider
google,A woman who stopped using all social media to seek out real connections shares how she did it,"When Xandra Robinson-Burns first decided to go ""off the grid"" and cut social media out of her life, she started with an unusual choice: Goodreads, an app connecting book lovers to their friend's late… [+5046 chars]",Business Insider
google,Three emerging priorities for banking CMOs,"Eighty percent of CMOs believe that they are either entirely responsible for or play a leading role in their organization's digital business transformation strategy, per a May 2021 Gartner surveyillu… [+4953 chars]",Business Insider
